Your first assignment is to use GitHub to submit some autobiographical information about yourself.  Answer the following questions.  Use GitHub to submit the resulting text file.

1. What is your name?
Derek Hilmershausen

2. Why are you interested in Data Science?
Computer programming has interested me for many years now, but it wasn't until I ran across a description of Data Science that I really wanted to learn it.  I have a good
background in mathematics as well so it seemed obvious to me that I needed to get into a Data Science program.

3. Tell us a little bit about your programming experience.  What programming courses have you taken?  Do you use programming on the job, and if so, how?
I don't have very much programming experience to date.  I have taken some introductory courses in Java Script and SQL, and also over the summer, I completed DS705, which used R
extensively to solve statistical problems.  I do not use programming in my current job at all.

4.  Tell us a little bit about your statistics experience.  What statistics courses have you taken?  Do you use statistics on the job, and if so, how?
My background in statistics is pretty good.  I received a degree in Actuarial Science about 10 years ago, so I had taken a few statistic courses at one time before I 
enrolled in this program.  I took DS705 over the summer and while it was a bit of a struggle initially getting back in the swing of things, they eventually came back to
me and I did well in that class.  I don't not use statistics in my job on a regular basis.  I've tried incorporating some methods in my job a few times just for fun, but it wasn't
mandatory.

5.  Do you have other experience with R or Python?
I have experience with R from DS705 over the summer, but I have no experience with Python.

6.  What do you hope to learn in this class?
I hope to continue getting better with R as it is a very cool language and I enjoyed using the program thouroughly.

7.  Is there anything else you would like to share with us?
I enjoy golf, fishing and watching football.  I'm really looking forward to the Fall.